## Steps of dev:
1. Initialise nextjs project, install shadcn, 
2. Setting up prisma, Setting up nextauth -> All from docs & taking help from bidsage project
3. Using Acceternity ui kit for design
4. pnpm add next-themes, designing the Navbar, Designing the Create Course page
5. Writing the code for generating the course, usng langchainjs with groq api for generation
6. Also using Youtube Api and the Unsplaash api for fetching the yt video and the image(Taking reference from the previous project)
7. Designing the Gallery page
8. Designing the Course page
9. Course page functionality - taking the slug from the route, if slug.length=1(show course details), else if slug.length>1(show the chapter component)

10. Feature: Social Media Feature
- Profile page, course generated by, Like, Comment, Share
- Save course feature - Adding bookmarks table

11. Export as pdf feature:
- Show the whole course content in a single page, with the option to export as pdf
- pnpm install html2pdf.js

12. Issue in `pnpm run build` due to langchain library version mismatch, solved it by adding experimental: {serverComponentsExternalPackages: [ '@langchain/core', '@langchain/groq' ]}, into the next config file
13. Function Timeout only - 10Sec in free tier of Vercel, so had to switch to Render.com
14. Render.com next auth error -> Fixed by adding `trustHost: true` in the nextauth config and also adding forcedBaseUrl in the redirect of the nextauth config

**v0.1 Done✅**

15. Creating the Landing page of the website using aceternity components - Spotlight, cards section, Magic-button, flip-words, etc
16. Switching from Top Navigation to Sidebar Navigation using aceternity ui kit
17. Adding a Carousel of featured courses on the gallery page
18. Adding a search page for the search functionality on courses and profiles
19. Edit profile option with image upoload to cloudinary
20. pnpm i lodash for debounce throttling the search input

21. Changing schema with addition of Follow table, adding follow, unfollow button in the profile page
22. Showing the list of followers and following in the profile page(`pnpm i zustand`, for state management)
23. Implementing on cascade delete functionalities in every tables
24. Implementing course Visibility feature using invite codes for each course and also providing a visibility column in the course table
25. Adding the uploading course banner feature manually or giving an option to generate using unsplash api
26. Adding the concept check component which will include few mcqs based on the chapter contents, generated the mcqs using the langchain
27. Integrating the stripe payment gateway for premium generations, free tier -> 10 generations, premium -> unlimited generations for now
28. Creating a dockerfile, docker-compose file and github actions yml file for deploying it to VM and enable CI/CD
29. Finally fixed the nextauth error in production environment, just in .env add the AUTH_URL=https://coursex.souryax.tech

**v0.2 Done✅**

30. Separating the course generation logic into the FastApi service using langchain python, integrating the whole thing using docker-compose




### Stripe Implementation:
- `pnpm i stripe`
- Create a stripe client inside the lib folder
- Create /api/stripe/route.ts -> for creating the stripe session & sending the stripe url when the api gets called from the frontend
- Create /api/webhook/route.ts -> for handling the stripe webhook events and creating the userSubscription row in the database accordingly
-  Install stripe cli from https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-cli , go to webhooks section on the dashboard and follow the steps






### Issues
- #1 - [[FEAT]: Build a modern landing page using aceternity components](https://github.com/debsouryadatta/CourseX/issues/1) ✅
- #2 - [[FEAT]: Switch from Top Navigation to Sidebar Navigation](https://github.com/debsouryadatta/CourseX/issues/2) ✅
- #3 - [[FEAT]: Add a Carousel of featured courses on the gallery and add the search page functionality as well](https://github.com/debsouryadatta/CourseX/issues/3) ✅
- #4 - [[FEAT]: Profile page functionalities -> see followers, following, total courses. Follow feature addition, Edit Profile option](https://github.com/debsouryadatta/CourseX/issues/4) ✅
- #5 - [[FEAT]: Add course visibility feature, public or invite only and also add uploading course banner feature manually](https://github.com/debsouryadatta/CourseX/issues/5) ✅
- #6 - [[FEAT]: Add a Concept check component which will include few mcqs based on the chapter contents, generate the mcqs using the langchain](https://github.com/debsouryadatta/CourseX/issues/6) ✅
- #7 - [[FEAT]: Create a payment functionality for premium generations, free tier -> 10 generations, premium -> 300 generations](https://github.com/debsouryadatta/CourseX/issues/7) ✅
- #8 - [[FEAT]: Create a dockerfile, docker-compose file and github actions yml file for deploying it to VM and enable CI/CD](https://github.com/debsouryadatta/CourseX/issues/8) ✅ 

**v0.2 Done✅**

- #10 - [[FEAT]: Separate the course generation logic into the FastApi service using langchain python, integrate the whole thing using docker-compose](https://github.com/debsouryadatta/CourseX/issues/10) ✅





### Planning
- The above was about v0.1
- From now there will be 2 branches, main and dev
- Main will be the stable version, dev will be the development version(After major changes, we will be merging the dev into main)


### Features Planning
- Chat with PDF feature
- Roadmap generation feature
- Summarise chapter page, ask from chapter's page
- Real time quiz feature with quiz generation
- Everything on coin based system(Generations + Quizzes)
- Accepting both stripe as well as crypto payments for buying coins
- Chat, call, video call feature



- Weekly quizzes 
    - Quizzes will be generated automatically using AI when the previous quiz ends, users can join the quiz till the next week until it starts
    - Conducting the quiz and calculate results on centralized server, Recording the final results and distribute rewards/tokens on the blockchain
    - Allow all users to take quizzes without connecting a wallet, Prompt users to connect a wallet before or after the quiz to claim token rewards, Store potential rewards for a limited time, allowing users to claim them later by connecting a wallet
    - All the above stuff will be in auto pilot mode, no manual intervention required
  



